Excuse me.
We didn't invite you.
Am I happy to take care of it?
Hey, I said why are you so haunted?
Do you remember to eat rather than fight?
Lao Tzu is now behind a temporary group
You trash dare to touch me
Hahaha yes
You just said Lin's Group.
He's the guy who's been the richest man in the world for six years in a row.
The Lin Group?
Of course, the chairperson of the Lin Group
Mr. Lin Fan is amazing
If only we could get a photo of the Lin Group
Gu, we are in the Yongzhou area.
It's a first-class family
That's right, that's right, that's right.
Blame it, blame you baby
Would rather marry this trash than me
Think about it.
After this trash comes to your house
It only brings harm to your family
What else?
Oops, daughter, hurry up and please Xu Shou
You don't want me to remarry Xu Hao now, do you?
Yeah, you said it.
You hurry up and remarry, remarry and marry Xu Shao
Xu Shao Exam Preparation Temporary Group
Bright future
The future is promising, when Lin Fan's lackey
Is it fulfilling?
What nonsense is that?
Even Mr. Lin dares to disrespect
If only I had looked at him before
Now he does a lot of evil
Do you think he deserves it?
How many heads do you have?
Insult Mr. Lin